Added Go way of consuming API (#178)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/content-api/integrations/go.md

# Getting Started with GO

> This integration guide is following the [Getting started guide](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md). We assume that you have completed [Step 9](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md#_9-consume-the-content-type-s-api) and therefore can consume the API by browsing this [url](http://localhost:1337/restaurants).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration guide is following the [Getting started guide](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md). We assume that you have completed [Step 8](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md#_8-publish-the-content) and therefore can consume the API by browsing this [url](http://localhost:1337/restaurants).
```

Reviewer: (we [reverted the previous link](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/pull/191/files) on this line because it makes more sense)

# Getting Started with GO

This integration guide is following the [Getting started guide](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md). We assume that you have completed [Step 9](/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md#_9-consume-the-content-type-s-api) and therefore can consume the API by browsing this [url](http://localhost:1337/restaurants).

If you haven't gone through the getting started guide, the way you request a Strapi API with [GO](https://golang.org/) remains the same except that you will not fetch the same content.

### Create a Go file

> Be sure to have Go installed on your computer

Reviewer 2: Please can you add dots at the end of every sentences missing one?

    "description": "Welcome to Biscotte restaurant! Restaurant Biscotte offers a cuisine based on fresh, quality products, often local, organic when possible, and always produced by passionate producers.",
   
    "created_at": "2021-03-31T11:37:16.964Z",
    "updated_at": "2021-03-31T11:37:16.975Z",
    "categories": [
      {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "French Food",
        "created_by": 1,
        "updated_by": 1,
        "created_at": "2021-03-31T11:36:23.164Z",
        "updated_at": "2021-03-31T11:36:23.172Z"
      },

      {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "Brunch ",
        "published_at": "2021-03-07T10:10:19.608Z",
        "created_at": "2021-03-07T10:10:14.477Z",
        "updated_at": "2021-03-07T10:10:19.649Z"
}
    ]
  }
]
```

### Example

```go
 package main
import(
    "fmt"
    "io/ioutil"
    "net/http"
)

func main() {
    getD()
}

func getD() {
    fmt.Println("Getting data...")
    res, error := http.Get("http://localhost:1337/restaurants")
    if error != nil {
        fmt.Printf("The HTTP request failed with error %s\n", error)
    } else {
        data, _ := ioutil.ReadAll(res.Body)
        fmt.Println(string(data))
    }

}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Please can you correctly indent the code and remove empty lines?

}
```

### Example

```go
package main
import(
     "bytes"
    "encoding/json"
    "fmt"
    "io/ioutil"
    "log"
    "net/http"
)

func main() {
    postD()
}

func getD() {
    fmt.Println("Getting data...")
    resp, error := http.Get("http://localhost:1337/restaurants")
    if error != nil {
        fmt.Printf("The HTTP request failed with error %s\n", error)
    } else {
        data, _ := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)
        fmt.Println(string(data))
    }

}

func postD() {

	fmt.Println("Posting  data...")
	//Encode the data
	   postRest, _ := json.Marshal(map[string]string{
		  "name":  "Nwanyi Igbo",
		  "description": "This is a very nice place to eat naive soup",
		  
		  
	   })
	   
	   responseBody := bytes.NewBuffer(postRest)
	//Leverage Go's HTTP Post function to make request
	   resp, error := http.Post("http://localhost:1337/restaurants", "application/json", responseBody)
	//Handle Error
	   if error != nil {
		  log.Fatalf("An Error Occured %v", error)
	   }
	   defer resp.Body.Close()
	//Read the response body
	   body, error := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)
	   if error != nil {
		  log.Fatalln(error)
	   }
	   
	   fmt.Println(string(body))
	 
    }

> ```	  

Reviewer 2: Same here, can you indent the code? And add a space in the comments like this `// Handle Error`

### PUT Request your collection type

Execute a `PUT` request on the `restaurant` Collection Type in order to update the category of a restaurant.

Be sure that you activated the `update` permission for the `restaurant` Collection Type.
PUT Request is sligtly different as we need to target the particular thing we want update. We do this by first making a request to http://localhost:1337/restaurants/1 and then update what we want to update. In this example, we are going to update  "Biscotte Restaurant" to "Restaurant Home"

_Request_

```go
putRest, _ := json.Marshal(map[string]string {
        "name": "Resturant Homes",    
    })
    client := &http.Client{}
    url := "http://localhost:1337/restaurants/1"
    req, error := http.NewRequest(http.MethodPut, url, bytes.NewBuffer(putRest))
    req.Header.Set("Content-Type", "application/json")

```

> 

Reviewer 2: Indentation

_Response_

```json
{
"id":1,
"name":"Resturant Homes",
"description":"Welcome to Biscotte restaurant! Restaurant Biscotte offers a cuisine based on fresh, quality products, often local, organic when possible, and always produced by passionate producers.","published_at":"2021-03-07T10:10:46.949Z",
"created_at":"2021-03-07T10:08:53.929Z",
"updated_at":"2021-03-07T14:06:01.567Z",
"categories":[
    {
    "id":1,
    "name":"French Food",
    "published_at":"2021-03-07T10:09:43.232Z",
    "created_at":"2021-03-07T10:09:34.135Z",
    "updated_at":"2021-03-07T10:09:43.280Z"
    },
    {
    "id":2,
    "name":"Brunch ",
    "published_at":"2021-03-07T10:10:19.608Z",
    "created_at":"2021-03-07T10:10:14.477Z",
    "updated_at":"2021-03-07T10:10:19.649Z"
    }
      ]
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Indentation

	//Leverage Go's HTTP Post function to make request
	   resp, error := http.Post("http://localhost:1337/restaurants", "application/json", responseBody)
	//Handle Error
	   if error != nil {
		  log.Fatalf("An Error Occured %v", error)
	   }
	   defer resp.Body.Close()
	//Read the response body
	   body, error := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)
	   if error != nil {
		  log.Fatalln(error)
	   }
	   
	   fmt.Println(string(body))
	 
    }
    func putD() {
        putRest, _ := json.Marshal(map[string]string {
            "name": "Resturant Homes",    
        })
        client := &http.Client{}
        url := "http://localhost:1337/restaurants/1"
        req, error := http.NewRequest(http.MethodPut, url, bytes.NewBuffer(putRest))
        req.Header.Set("Content-Type", "application/json")
        if error != nil {
            log.Fatal(error)
        }
        resp, error := client.Do(req)
        if error != nil {
            log.Fatal(error)
        }
        defer resp.Body.Close()
    
        
        body, error := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)
        if error != nil {
            log.Fatal(error)
        }
        fmt.Println(string(body))
    }

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Indentation
